The guys I hung out with actually wore me out.
Cause they wanted to go out every night.
They wanted to party every night we had drinking. Yep.
We had discussions about alcohol. I mean, it was,
Pakistan is famous for its drinking. It's drinking, you know, it's.
It's something to look forward to. So I, I do wanna travel to that part of the,
when, when was the last time you were in that part of the world? Early.
Two thousands. Well then mid 2000, uh, 2000.
Tens. So wait, so, uh, by the way, we're drinking vodka, what,
what's the per I mean, that kinda choice.
Is Pakistan has incorporated vodka as, as the, um, the choice.
Um <laugh> and that, and it informs, you know, and it's, but,
but the fascinating thing you and as a student is what you're observing as an
non Muslim, you know, I'm, I'm a non Russian I'm, this is all, you know,
culturally new to me. And I'm, you know, a student of all that, right.
As a greatest student doing my work there. So you're like the.
Jane Goodall of vodka in Russia. That's right. Just observing.
That's right. Studying. Yeah. Yeah. And then, then you, you get the,
you get the Soma gone, the grass vodka, you get, you know,
I have had some long Heights on the Kazakhstan frontier. Yeah.
That I'm not proud of. Um, <laugh>, you know, but you.
Got to know that people and some of them from, from, from.
That, but, but intellectually. So, so the thing, I mean, the, the,
the fascinating thing there was that, and just as a, I mean, there,
there there's a whole, yeah, I'm in historian. Right. But there,
there are great contributions by, you know,
anthropologists and graphers who who've gone across the planet and tried to
understand how Muslims understand the tradition, a different context.
So many Ecks will say, you know, um,
this is part of our national culture to drink any as we please, right.
And yet I'm a very developed Muslim.
And so of course you can encounter other Muslim communities who won't touch
alcohol. Right. But it's become kind of, I think it's very much, um, you know,
Soviet culture left a, a deep impression in each of these places.
And so there are ways of thinking ways of, of performing ways of,
you know, enjoying oneself that are shared across Soviet and former Soviet space
to this day. Right.
And you very, and also bought Muslims in the Soviet union. That's right. Uh,
there's an article that, uh, there's a paywall,
so I couldn't read it and I really want to read it.
Is, uh, happy to.
Share it with you. Yeah. Um, Moscow and the mosque or yeah. Something like that.
Right, right. Um, by the way, just another tangent on a tangent. Yeah. Uh,
so I bought all your books. Love 'em very much. Thank you.
One of the reasons I bought them and read many parts is, uh,
because they're easy to buy unlike articles. Okay.
Every single website has a pay wall. Yeah. Yeah. So it's, it's very, I hear,
I'm sorry. Very frustrating to read brilliance scholars such as yourself. No,
no, no. Uh, I wish there was one fee I could pay everywhere.
I don't care what that fee is,
where it just allows me to read some of the brilliant writing. No.
No. Think I hear you. No,
I think moving toward more kind of open source formatting stuff,
I think is what a lot of journals are, are thinking about now.
And I think it's definitely for the kind of democratization of knowledge and
scholarship.
That's definitely an important thing that we should all think about.
And I think, um, you know, we need to exert pressure on these publishers to,
to do that. So I appreciate that this is what I'm doing here. Yeah. Yeah. Good,
good. Yeah, no, I appreciate it.